every 5 Seconds we get a random item
last one standing wins go we're going
we're going now we're already how did
you already start with a chest it's not
fair no ST does this hit
you wait I
com oh there a little chicken save the
chicken save the chicken save human
items save the chicken wait he's not
going to die he can fly chickens can fly
idiots what is wait hold on creepus
typed something on the sign look at it
oh my God that's good wait that's good
that's good Mor I'm not a Mor man no no
Mor
no no no you oh oh my God look at creus
what about him he just look someone get
that guy an arrow someone get that guy
an arrow right now I just tried to load
it with no arrow and it didn't do
nothing yeah you smell bad hey creas
take
this oh can you break Tucker's door yeah
give me a second no get away from my
door Bo need one more good block get oh
my God one more good block please oh my
God watch this watch this and tell the
judge about it watch this he said the
thing whoa like fortnite yeah what are
you going to do now Boy Buddy I mean
buddy not boy I got to stop saying that
I I learned some Pro shats from Wally
bear and how to like bridge and
stuff oh my God I got him I got him did
you see how I got him right there dude
that was light I don't ever win my
videos creus and that's why I invited
the two worst players I know you have be
out of your mind saying that to me right
now what do you mean saying that to you
you're like oh my
God who's the go I was say it then I
really wasn't go ahead say it then
Tucker you didn't do the intro every 5
Seconds we get a random item last one
standing beats up kib's Mom oh I'm
winning I'm winning I'm winning okay CH
out of bed we have to kill Chap and he
got armor no he chap you want to see
what I have yeah what do you like you
like this creus you like this wa it's
netherite you see this you see this and
this you guys don't got these you know
guys don't got these I'm rich over here
I'm rich cheap is poor shaming us you're
poor shaming us that's not really nice
to do oh and he's sitting on his little
never mind I'm not going to say what I
was thinking out loud I feel like I'm in
a class disparity right now but you have
a you have an ice block and whatever's
on Yo CH what are you doing a real boat
what was that why' you yell it didn't
explode that was aork Alliance I have a
green alliance with you a green Alliance
see that is that how that works yeah it
is how that works actually sorry creus
what do you mean prove it I just did
watch out watch out I have Alliance I
have a green Alliance you don't have a
green Alliance that's not a real thing
I've got this why is Tucker getting up
so high get away buddy creep just threw
a squid on the ground dude stop looking
like
that what are you doing bro why are you
doing that to me get trolled stop stop
it's not nice get trolled yeah smelly
Boyer what is that get him get him creas
get him get him get him get him keep
doing that keep doing
that what why'd you give that to me
don't fret guys I'm coming over really
really you are such a little loser
that kid sucks dude I know he does I
don't like did you just get a second bed
no yeah oh I got a map I can read where
you're at now you know what no you can't
no you can't watch this they call me
fortnite Pro that's they don't call you
that no one calls you oh frick we got
item every so often and whoever gets one
of the items and then wa kill Chief oh
kill Chief I like that I like that idea
I like it we you Grievous I'm looking at
your stop stop why do you look at mine
you want to look at mine or no don't do
didn't wipe you didn't wipe smelly boy I
what do you mean I didn't WIP I okay oh
my gosh I can smell him from here that's
not true I just took a shower by the way
I actually shower it did not work you
took a shower in poop water oh see this
Poké ball right here I'm about to
capture you capture that captured oh oh
no I'll give you it no you can't capture
him please I have a secret idea guys
it's called the Wither SK we must be
quiet about this bed no one must know
about that bed yeah you thought you
could do that you want to know something
cool they call me the the LeBron James
of Minecraft because I go bam no one
calls you that stop no one I don't I've
never heard anybody call you that you
guys are forgetting that I'm alive by
the way I think you guys are forgetting
that
I'm oh give me that CH we're
on get out get out stop get away
[Laughter]
stop wait G is
alive oh there's a bunch of items down
here wait there's so many items down
here oh crap I'll help you out I'll help
you out how is creep alive wait is there
a weapon down here was ready it's like
the graveyard of items down there oh my
God I need to get creus where's creus
stop what did that even do that didn't
do anything how do you have so many
animals shut up you smelly fart can I
don't smell like fart cans and I'm not a
fart can prove it can a fart can do
this they think I'm dead right but I'm
not actually dead cuz I had my secret
bed oh my God they're going to think I'm
dead but I had my secret bed and they
didn't know about it oh my God you're so
annoying what Tucker you you fall no I
didn't I had a secret bed come here ow
here ow my
leg we have the team three us we have
the team we have to get us better oh
yeah I bet now I bet don't team don't
get my bed get cheap we're teaming on
cheap Grievous this guy's a little
winner loser I I'll take that he hit me
earlier I just got a diamond
shovel okay do you think that's going to
be able to kill him watch this oh my God
where is he hi
chap wait did it actually work oh what a
loser what a bomb get out of here I have
a bed you just don't know where it's at
oh he's got a bed I don't believe you I
just simply don't believe you where's
your bed cheater ow I'm not cheating I'm
not cheating cuz you're the one that has
a bed too come here Kus you killed me
where's his bed where's his bed where is
it cheat where is it where is your where
is youred it's right there I picked it
up cuz I know you won't kill me cuz
you're smelly and you're you're stinky
and your bed okay got to go up but he's
building up no way he's building up what
okay watch this he's building up I'm
going to make my bed down here what is
he doing this is a long this is going to
be such a this is going to be such a
long rounde come down here fight me no
beds
loser he has a bed he's lying no I sleep
here I am not cheat
pickle do it right now do the best okay
look look look look you are you
stupid I did it I just did it I just did
it no you didn't no you didn't yes I
did you didn't find my bed yet you
didn't find my bed yet stupid it's not
over till it's over
I'm not a cheat pickle you're a cheat
pickle get him get him raver get him
this is so
stupid this is so stupid another bed
activated oh block you you got blocked
blocked
again chap I'm your number one fan I got
a pickle and a banner that is a candle
don't don't listen what he's got a totem
Kus we have to kill him Y what what what
the heck is going on chap W this guy's
got yeah good luck wow look at him he's
so scared of me well you have The High
Ground I know in your favorite no you
like Star Wars and you know that The
High Ground is
good here's a little torch for you buddy
you can't do anything with that whoa I
got a Nether Star well good job Kus you
want to help me kill Tucker now yo get
away from me get away from me bro get
away from me wow why you hiding in your
little hole you you're the one get away
from me you're just acting like a little
baby you're a little no I'm not a little
baby you're you're get away from me
[Music]
now why would you do that to me get him
you're not my number one friend go up
the stair whatever why is Tucker in a
hole that's what I've been saying you've
been
ignoring I was trying to backstab you so
what why don't you stop backstabbing me
and help me kill this stupid little fart
can that's hiding in his little hole
this ain't fortnite how about you not be
mean to me like you always are cuz
you're actually a bully you were a bully
when you grew up and you're Bully Now
hey creus I don't know what you're
talking about you're you're also you're
also part of the problem no I'm not here
wait I can mend our relationship Tucker
do you want food eat this no I I'm good
on food I have can you help me I'm
getting attacked right now I'm actually
just getting attacked you just picked it
up can you eat that please what I picked
it up what am I eating a poisonous
potato uh
where
you does he have a bed or did he just
die does this Act suck wait guys start
arguing with each other I want to who's
going to win I hate I hate you I hate
you I hate you I hate you I hate you I
hate you I hate
you you got me upset you got me upset
more upset that's why you know whose
fault this is Tucker cuz he told us to
do that Moby listen to this stupid guy I
hate you I hate you oh I got honey you
guys have problems both of you have
problems you need to says you you guys
need to get checked out got a lot of
problems uh too much money too much swag
okay what else I have those problems too
actually wait I have an idea I have an
idea I have an idea hold on God what is
he W you're what the hell happened
you're smart creep
what what did creepus just
do what the f did I do that for can you
move your head
cheap sucks that's weird why would you
write that I think you don't know your
English why would you write cheap sucks
on that sign that's so strange do you
love that Panda cheap yeah I don't how
much you love that panda a lot I'm going
to pet it I just want to pet it I just
want to pet
it there's no way you just did that to
the my panda
oh where did he
go hey he drank a potion of invisibility
okay I mean's still around he's still
around
okay stupid go e fire charge that it's
wait creepus creepus creepus cre I found
your mother I found your
mother that's mean that's really mean
Tucker Oh Tucker I found your mom Tucker
look nah no my mom is shiny and sparkly
wow and she's got a really big
head bye whatever oh nice bedwars nice
bedwars huh oh yeah I like you want to
step on my drink you want to step on my
drink get them get them now Stow Golems
attack them now with your powers fast
attack them attack them now attack them
now Stow golem attack them fast and
furious go go you must attack them you
must attack them with the utmost care
you must attack them now but what is he
doing he's not even attacking why
doesn't he listened
to is he stupid or something oh he's got
a bed Ducker are you dumb why'd you do
that no I'm not dumb I just was like
thinking that maybe I
would is Chap dumb hit my bed he no he
hit my bed he's going to I'm going to
kill him right here watch where is he
wait where is he is what's going on is
he
missing oh my
God I got it done no way T I've got a
really important item for you what is
[Music]
it I'm Cous I smell bad I'm creis
M do I talk like that no I don't creus I
got a present for you you have to earn
it though grab it how do I get that I
got another present for you but you have
to say say the special words oh and
another present you see this you see
this who okay I kind of need that and
another
one I don't care for
that oh my
God yeah you got scared you got scared
yellow team oh my God
[Music]
okay we starting now we starting now
starting now starting now yeah we're
starting that what item did you guys
pick for your creative I I'm going to be
honest why would I tell you I don't want
to say mine either cuz I'll tell you
I'll tell you mine what wa
cheap no way you picked a lever okay but
he could do something with that he put a
he can't
do oh that scared me why would that
happen CH give me a name for this you
have a orange glaze chck chicken
teriyaki nugget you say chicky did you
say chicky that's the wrongest thing
ever the orange glaze chicken Teryaki
nugget what's
this
Leaf okay what okay what's this what's
this me is it cuz it's one of a kind
pretty block yeah that's me uh oh that
is you that is you whoa he's got a fox
guys I just got something in my
inventory that makes me want to do it
real bad do it what do you mean do it
what is what are you do what are you
doing you want me to do it yes or no say
it right now uh um is it going to kill
us all maybe you could do it fine do it
real bad do it real bad Chief okay but
no one can get
mad what oh my God oh my God I'm hiding
I don't like you I don't I don't want to
oh my God oh my cheap kill it kill it
chap kill it kill it chap kill it back
you have to hit it back you have to hit
it
I have to I have to hit the fire at it
aim
better no way it only oh my God oh my
God you've got that why do you why'd you
put that thing I don't like that
thing oh my God help me don't die don't
die don't die don't die Kus you can do
this I won't I'm really good at this
game wait why am I rooting for you why
am I rooting for you I hope you die H I
just got elytra wait you got a no way oh
my ow ow I'm out of here I don't want to
participate
wait oh oh my God it hit me where's
creus where did he go are you kidding me
I'm at the
floor oh my God what do I dude is creep
all the way at the ground cuz he had a
stupid elra oh my God not like this
again are you kidding me right out know
way you place a
bed okay okay kibis is not known for his
gameplay in Minecraft if I lose this I
think that means I should give up
Minecraft forever okay so I have to
think of a way to win this against creus
to be honest I I wouldn't say this to
his face cuz I'm like a nice guy but I
don't know if he's very
smart
oh and did he just die did creas just
die is that the is that what just
happened did he have a bed he must have
had a bed he must have had a bed down
there get away from me get dude I got to
kill this shulker before I do anything
else I think
Tucker Do Not Laugh do not laugh at this
what is wrong with this guy be
enough hello is it not even hitting him
are you kidding me Bo
clutch how long is this going to
[Music]
take oh my God oh my God please what are
you doing oh my God what are you doing
okay I thought you were dead
no no I wasn't dead I thought you were
dead fight me like a man I'm going to
fight you like a man you fight me like a
boy wait wait you have an axe can we can
we wait till I get like a nice weapon or
something to fight you maybe that's fa
down for that gentleman's that's fair
you know chap would have said no to that
you know that yeah I know cuz cuz that
guy's cheat pickle oh can we do this
thing I've been doing when cheat pickle
loses the videos I kind of just go over
here and I take a screenshot we just do
a nice little screenshot yeah I like and
say cheese
cheese oh my God what the hell no way
it's still attacking me no no way it
came all the way down here we're trying
to have a gentleman's fight get these
things out of here we're going to have a
gentleman's fight okay I'm still not
getting any um weapons here creus I
guess I can just fight you with a
pickaxe and you're going to just be the
worst player yeah that's cool I don't
care if you win I don't care
[Music]
if come on give it to me yo yo yo wait
wait wait give me your soul I'm I'm
going to eat you Jesus who do you think
I am a gentleman's fight ious and funny
and and funny what what what was that
what was that for I thought we were what
is going on over here bro look at
they're having a gentleman's fight too
you're not going to catch me man I'll
turn this into a man no I'm going to
come I'm faster I'm better at parkour
than you you're not faster than me
you're not you're not better at parkour
you would fail on parkour civilization
no no you're hilarious and funny you go
for the what's the little raw meat
that's what you go for cuz you're a baby
I can't
[Laughter]
move I still have my bed that was easy
and I knew that would happen just how it
did he has his bed this is so stupid bro
yeah I'd have a bed too if I was lame
and stupid and I stunk bad can this
shulker die can this
sh oh my God I killed it one HP now we
just wait for my items all I need is
something good to kill kibis with that's
it Iron Golem spawn egg I'll put this on
creus he'll be
confused is creepus building up I think
I see him is that him is he is he
building up to me I'm coming Tucker
Tucker I'm going to be there I'm going
to do this I'm going to do something
funny Oh my
Jesus what's going on bro are you
building up leave me alone and get this
skeleton out now he's got to have a bed
right get away my God where's your bed
creus where's your bed no I don't have
one I'm getting your bed I don't like
you oh he's going to break my bed he's
going to find it he's got to have a bed
somewhere he's got to have a bed
somewhere oh I got his bed I got his bed
now I just have to kill him I just have
to kill him we're going up we're going
up got no bed now he's got no bed
now
no why is he still building up like what
is he doing yeah you think I've got one
life is he talking is he talking to
himself is he just talking to himself
that's what Tucker takes that's what
Tucker takes golden carrot what oh my
God Tucker leave me alone dude we're in
a 1 V one what do you mean leave me
alone no leave me alone I'm trying to
get over Dude you are you have so much
no I don't get away I'm getting
your bed bye yes you no you're not bro
I'm getting your bed goodbye leave me
alone now you look you look crazy you
look insane right now no I don't I look
awesome wow I'm facing down bye come
here I'm out of here no I don't want to
talk to you I want to talk to your bed
and tell it goodbye and good night
bye he's going to get my bed he's going
to get my bed hold on F
I just want to talk to you I just want
to talk to uh I just want to talk to uh
Tuckers oh nice no that was good buddy
that was really
good nice nice take the cow that's not a
cow that is what is a cow to you I can't
hit you I canot hit you oh my God I lost
my
bucket oh oh my God I'm trying my God
what Kus what
oh my
God H H Tucker why' you do that where's
the oh my God wait I'll see you later
brother oh why am I trying to water
bucket clutch when I could just go down
this is the longest round I think I've
ever why is this big in a boat a bucket
with no water bro what oh my gosh it's
so close I need some sort of weapon I
need some sort of weapon right now I
need
blocks I just threw a block
away no oh my God and anything anything
anything to kill this guy man anything
to kill this guy this is Ender Chest
boom
boom boom
boom this is where I'm going to put the
the bed where's the bed I dropped the
bed tu's bed's gone is that
true oh my God oh my God Tucker's bed is
gone so is creases where is he give him
to me I'm going down Tucker what your
bed's gone buddy so is yours buddy then
I guess it's a duel huh
[Music]
yeah
yeah no no no no no no no no no no no oh
my God there's a village this is perfect
for Speed running Tucker it's your time
you are you are not
dream
yes yes I deserved that wow good win
Tucker you destroyed your own BT with
the Ender Dragon good job man
true did I really yep thank God I win
I'm the best uh the player and I just
won and thanks for watching the video
and watching me win and them losing
thanks I didn't tell you to do the outro
oh it's okay I'll just do it ow ow stop